Polish side panel examples and fix a few issues (#6450)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/side-panel/accessibility.mdx

**Provide a clear accessible name for the `SidePanel`**

When you use `SidePanelTitle` inside `SidePanelHeader`, the accessible name for the panel region is provided automatically.

> When you use `SidePanelTitle` with a `SidePanelCloseButton`, the accessible name for the button is provided automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SidePanelTitle` component automatically provides the accessible name for both the panel region and the close button when used within `SidePanelHeader` and alongside `SidePanelCloseButton`.
```

> If you are not using `SidePanelTitle` or `SidePanelCloseButton`, you must provide an accessible name explicitly using `aria-labelledby` (preferred when a visible heading exists) or `aria-label` (when no visible heading is available).

Reviewer 2: This is confusing guidance.
